
# Post \#73591769 [Link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73591769/)

## Got a stack frame from package:stack_trace, where a vm or web frame was expected

**Vote**: 4 (532/702) **Views**: 2363 (593/702) 

**Internal ID** \#3-12-543

Created at 2022-09-03 11:10:44

Tags: `flutter` `dart` `error-handling` `flutter-web`

----------

#### Metadata:

Area: `Mobile and Desktop Apps`

Language: `dart` (full parsed tag list: `dart`)

----------

**Notepad**


----------

I am using the `web (Chrome)` to run my application. But, I get an error. Here is the error:
```
══╡ EXCEPTION CAUGHT BY WIDGETS LIBRARY ╞═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
The following assertion was thrown building Builder:
Assertion failed:
file:///Users/name/development/flutter/packages/flutter/lib/src/foundation/stack_frame.dart:192:7
line != '===== asynchronous gap ==========================='
"Got a stack frame from package:stack_trace, where a vm or web frame was expected. This can happen
if FlutterError.demangleStackTrace was not set in an environment that propagates non-standard stack
traces to the framework, such as during tests."

The relevant error-causing widget was:
  MaterialApp
  MaterialApp:file:///Users/name/development/projects/flutter/hello_world/lib/src/hello_world.dart:12:12

When the exception was thrown, this was the stack:
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 251:49      throw_
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 29:3        assertFailed
packages/flutter/src/foundation/stack_frame.dart 192:15                           fromStackTraceLine
dart-sdk/lib/internal/iterable.dart 391:20                                        moveNext
dart-sdk/lib/internal/iterable.dart 869:20                                        moveNext
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 748:20  next
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/core_patch.dart 586:14                of
dart-sdk/lib/core/iterable.dart 470:12                                            toList
packages/flutter/src/foundation/stack_frame.dart 87:37                            fromStackString
packages/flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1066:54                           defaultStackFilter
packages/flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1260:43                           _applyStackFilter
packages/flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1235:17                           new
packages/flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 725:22                            debugFillProperties
packages/flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 2992:17                          <fn>
packages/flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 2994:16                          get builder
packages/flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1285:56                           get builder
packages/flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 3009:105                         getProperties
packages/flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 1244:62                          [_debugRender]
packages/flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 1121:14                          render
packages/flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1013:44                           dumpErrorToConsole
packages/app/main.dart 28:69                                                   <fn>
packages/flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1177:14                           reportError
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6408:16                               _debugReportException
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4815:9                                performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4977:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4968:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4977:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4968:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6350:36                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6362:32                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4977:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4968:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4977:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4968:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4977:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4968:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4977:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4968:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4977:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4968:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4832:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4529:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4787:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4781:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3817:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3551:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6215:14                               mount
```

This error only occurs when running my app using `web (Chrome)`. If I use `Android Emulator` I don't get this error.
I referred to some posts like [Widget test fails with No MediaQuery widget found](https://stackoverflow.com/q/48498709/16124033), [No MediaQuery widget ancestor found](https://stackoverflow.com/q/68635405/16124033), [No MediaQuery ancestor could be found?](https://stackoverflow.com/q/61969143/16124033) and other posts but still can't resolve this error.
Some code snippets:
`main.dart`:
```
import 'dart:async';

import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
…

Future<void> main() async {
  await runZonedGuarded(
    () async {
      WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
      await Firebase.initializeApp();
      GoRouter.setUrlPathStrategy(UrlPathStrategy.path);
      runApp(const ProviderScope(child: MaterialApp(home: HelloWorld())));
      …
    },
    (Object error, StackTrace stack) {
      debugPrint(error.toString());
      debugPrint(stack.toString());
    },
  );
}
```

`hello_world.dart`:
```
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';

import 'package:hello_world/src/app.dart';
…

class HelloWorld extends StatelessWidget {
  const HelloWorld({Key? key}) : super(key: key);

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) => MaterialApp(
        theme: …,
        home: const App(),
      );
}
```

`app.dart`:
```
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
…

class App extends ConsumerStatefulWidget {
  const App({Key? key}) : super(key: key);

  @override
  ConsumerState<App> createState() => _AppState();
}

class _AppState extends ConsumerState<App> {
  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
    kIsWeb ? null : …;
  }

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    …

    return Scaffold(
      body: …,
    );
  }
}
```

I am not very sure whether the error is derived from this line:
```
runApp(const ProviderScope(child: MaterialApp(home: HelloWorld())));
```

How can I fix this error? Appreciate if someone can advise. Thank you in advance!


----------
        
## GPT3.5 Attempt \#0

The error message suggests that the problem is related to the stack trace. Specifically, it seems that the stack trace is not in the expected format, which is causing the assertion to fail. This can happen if the stack trace is not properly demangled.

One possible solution is to set the `FlutterError.demangleStackTrace` flag to `true` in your `main` function before running the app. This flag tells Flutter to demangle the stack trace, which should resolve the issue.

Here's an updated version of your `main` function that sets the flag:

```
import 'dart:async';

import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
…

Future<void> main() async {
  await runZonedGuarded(
    () async {
      WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
      await Firebase.initializeApp();
      GoRouter.setUrlPathStrategy(UrlPathStrategy.path);
      FlutterError.demangleStackTrace = true; // set the flag
      runApp(const ProviderScope(child: MaterialApp(home: HelloWorld())));
      …
    },
    (Object error, StackTrace stack) {
      debugPrint(error.toString());
      debugPrint(stack.toString());
    },
  );
}
```

Try running your app again with this change and see if the error goes away.

--------

## GPT3.5 Attempt \#1

The error message suggests that the problem is related to the stack trace. Specifically, it seems that the stack trace is not in the expected format, which can happen if `FlutterError.demangleStackTrace` is not set in the environment.

To fix this issue, you can try setting `FlutterError.demangleStackTrace` to `true` in your `main()` function before running the app:

```
Future<void> main() async {
  FlutterError.demangleStackTrace = true; // add this line
  await runZonedGuarded(
    () async {
      // your code here
    },
    (Object error, StackTrace stack) {
      debugPrint(error.toString());
      debugPrint(stack.toString());
    },
  );
}
```

This should ensure that the stack trace is in the expected format and prevent the error from occurring.

--------

## GPT3.5 Attempt \#2

The error message suggests that the problem is related to the stack trace. Specifically, it seems that the stack trace contains a line that is not recognized by Flutter, which causes the error.

One possible cause of this problem is that the stack trace is being generated by a third-party library that is not compatible with Flutter. To fix this, you can try disabling the stack trace generation for that library by setting the `demangleStackTrace` property of `FlutterError` to `true`. Here's an example:

```
import 'package:flutter/foundation.dart';

void main() {
  FlutterError.demangleStackTrace = true;
  runApp(MyApp());
}
```

Another possible cause of this problem is that the stack trace is being generated by a bug in Flutter itself. In this case, you may need to update to a newer version of Flutter that includes a fix for the bug.

If neither of these solutions work, you can try disabling the stack trace altogether by setting the `debugPrintStackTraces` property of `WidgetsFlutterBinding` to `false`. This will prevent the stack trace from being printed to the console, but it may make it harder to diagnose other errors in your code. Here's an example:

```
import 'package:flutter/widgets.dart';

void main() {
  WidgetsFlutterBinding.debugPrintStackTraces = false;
  runApp(MyApp());
}
```

I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any other questions.

--------
